Updates for Azure AD reporting Q2 FY22 (#15284)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/signin.md

|appId|String|The application identifier in Azure Active Directory. Supports `$filter` (`eq` operator only).|
|appliedConditionalAccessPolicies|[appliedConditionalAccessPolicy](appliedconditionalaccesspolicy.md) collection|A list of conditional access policies that are triggered by the corresponding sign-in activity.|
|authenticationDetails|[authenticationDetail](authenticationdetail.md) collection|The result of the authentication attempt and additional details on the authentication method.|

> |authenticationContextClassReferences|[authenticationContext](../resources/authenticationcontext.md) collection|Contains a collection of values that represent the conditional access authentication contexts applied to the sign-in. A user may satisfy the authentication context by providing a s|

Reviewer: Just confirm the description. The 2nd sentence is incomplete.
```suggestion
|authenticationContextClassReferences|[authenticationContext](authenticationcontext.md) collection|Contains a collection of values that represent the conditional access authentication contexts applied to the sign-in. A user may satisfy the authentication context by providing a s|
```

Author: Deleted that unfinished sentence since the info is in the authenticationcontext resource linked in that field

|authenticationMethodsUsed|String collection|The authentication methods used. Possible values: `SMS`, `Authenticator App`, `App Verification code`, `Password`, `FIDO`, `PTA`, or `PHS`.|
|authenticationProcessingDetails|[keyValue](keyvalue.md) collection|Additional authentication processing details, such as the agent name in case of PTA/PHS or Server/farm name in case of federated authentication.|
|authenticationRequirement | String | This holds the highest level of authentication needed through all the sign-in steps, for sign-in to succeed. Supports `$filter` (`eq` and `startsWith` operators only).|

> |azureResourceId|String|Contains fully qualified Azure Resource Manager ID of an Azure resource accessed as a target of the sign in when an Azure resource was accessed.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|azureResourceId|String|Contains a fully qualified Azure Resource Manager ID of an Azure resource accessed during the sign-in.|
```

|conditionalAccessStatus|conditionalAccessStatus| The status of the conditional access policy triggered. Possible values: `success`, `failure`, `notApplied`, or `unknownFutureValue`. Supports `$filter` (`eq` operator only).|
|correlationId|String|The identifier that's sent from the client when sign-in is initiated. This is used for troubleshooting the corresponding sign-in activity when calling for support. Supports `$filter` (`eq` operator only).|
|createdDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The date and time the sign-in was initiated. The Timestamp type is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is `2014-01-01T00:00:00Z`. Supports `$orderby` and `$filter` (`eq`, `le`, and `ge` operators only).|
|deviceDetail|[deviceDetail](devicedetail.md)|The device information from where the sign-in occurred. Includes information such as deviceId, OS, and browser. Supports `$filter` (`eq` and `startsWith` operators only) on **browser** and **operatingSytem** properties.|

> |federatedCredentialId|String|Contains the identifier of an application's federated identity credential if a federated identity credential was used to sign in.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|federatedCredentialId|String|Contains the identifier of an application's federated identity credential, if a federated identity credential was used to sign in.|
```

|riskState|riskState|The risk state of a risky user, sign-in, or a risk event. Possible values: `none`, `confirmedSafe`, `remediated`, `dismissed`, `atRisk`, `confirmedCompromised`, or `unknownFutureValue`. Supports `$filter` (`eq` operator only).|
|servicePrincipalId|String|The application identifier used for sign-in. This field is populated when you are signing in using an application. Supports `$filter` (`eq` and `startsWith` operators only).|
|servicePrincipalName|String|The application name used for sign-in. This field is populated when you are signing in using an application. Supports `$filter` (`eq` and `startsWith` operators only).|

> |sessionLifetimePolicies|[sessionLifetimePolicy](../resources/sessionlifetimepolicy.md) collection|Any conditional access session management policies that were applied during the sign-in event.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|sessionLifetimePolicies|[sessionLifetimePolicy](sessionlifetimepolicy.md) collection|Any conditional access session management policies that were applied during the sign-in event.|
```

|status|[signInStatus](signinstatus.md)|The sign-in status. Includes the error code and description of the error (in case of a sign-in failure). Supports `$filter` (`eq` operator only) on **errorCode** property.|
|tokenIssuerName|String|The name of the identity provider. For example, `sts.microsoft.com`. Supports `$filter` (`eq` operator only).|

> |tokenIssuerType|tokenIssuerType|The type of identity provider. The possible values are: `AzureAD`, `ADFederationServices`, `UnknownFutureValue`, `AzureADBackupAuth`, `ADFederationServicesMFAAdapter`, `NPSExtension`. Note that you must use the `Prefer: include - unknown -enum-members` request header to get the following value(s) in this [evolvable enum](/graph/best-practices-concept#handling-future-members-in-evolvable-enumerations): `AzureADBackupAuth` , `ADFederationServicesMFAAdapter` , `NPSExtension`.|

Reviewer: Resolving a docs generation error
```suggestion
|tokenIssuerType|tokenIssuerType|The type of identity provider. The possible values are: `AzureAD`, `ADFederationServices`, `UnknownFutureValue`, `AzureADBackupAuth`, `ADFederationServicesMFAAdapter`, `NPSExtension`. Note that you must use the `Prefer: include - unknown -enum-members` request header to get the following value(s) in this [evolvable enum](/graph/best-practices-concept#handling-future-members-in-evolvable-enumerations): `AzureADBackupAuth` , `ADFederationServicesMFAAdapter` , `NPSExtension`.|
```

> |tokenIssuerType|tokenIssuerType|The type of identity provider. The possible values are: `AzureAD`, `ADFederationServices`, `UnknownFutureValue`, `AzureADBackupAuth`, `ADFederationServicesMFAAdapter`, `NPSExtension`. Note that you must use the `Prefer: include - unknown -enum-members` request header to get the following value(s) in this [evolvable enum](/graph/best-practices-concept#handling-future-members-in-evolvable-enumerations): `AzureADBackupAuth` , `ADFederationServicesMFAAdapter` , `NPSExtension`.|

Reviewer: Resolving a docs generation error
```suggestion
|tokenIssuerType|tokenIssuerType|The type of identity provider. The possible values are: `AzureAD`, `ADFederationServices`, `UnknownFutureValue`, `AzureADBackupAuth`, `ADFederationServicesMFAAdapter`, `NPSExtension`. Note that you must use the `Prefer: include-unknown-enum-members` request header to get the following values in this [evolvable enum](/graph/best-practices-concept#handling-future-members-in-evolvable-enumerations): `AzureADBackupAuth` , `ADFederationServicesMFAAdapter` , `NPSExtension`.|
```
